shows boost on the bottom
here are a PCM control boost
it will show your boost
it's got a few old level
just go through the parameters
the battery
RPMs
miles per hour
Nach retard
long sword feel
I need some gas
long view
get them both whoops
meanwhile I can go through and set it
all up and everything
jeez
see if I give this in focus
there we go
you can record playback
inadvertent color it's red timer you can
set the data rate
Marvis stats she's not saying off
average miles per gallon
and one in law to change the logo says I
start T that's RT for if you have any
misfires
so does a lot a lot of things you can do
in there you see it set it up see all
you can do
go to platform one
all right
i T ambient coolant trans tapped
exhaustion rpm boost
try to position super-sense false
engine duty cycle busy spark
as you see it does a lot
the old Aveo
battery temp you got it up
miles per gallon and mr. bata horsepower
I'll recalculate this 94
there's the cold start cars and sit for
two days but yeah so like I said if
you're on PCM control boost it will show
your correct lowest level
I'm Sydney
almost 19 just about nineteen and
eighteen point eight eighteen point
seven so it's pretty accurate
all right oh and I have a Hearst
short throw shifter sorry not so Lynette
but yeah
hi man let me know